README.md, before:

# IAESTE Now

IAESTE Now is a website facilitating the discovery of people, events and
couches in IAESTE on a geographic basis. It is built using modern web
technologies, specifically:

* Flask
* SQLAlchemy
* Google Maps APIs
* jQuery

## Dependencies

Make sure Python 3 is installed, and install Flask, SQLAlchemy and Twitter
through the pip python package manager:
```sh
sudo pip install Flask SQLAlchemy twitter
```

Make sure you install with `pip3` if Python 2 is your default version (likely).

## Setup

API keys for services being scraped, in particular Twitter (and more in future)
must be generated and added to the settings file.

### Twitter

Generate an application key at https://dev.twitter.com/apps/new, and add the
application key and secret to the settings.json file.

## Running the Development Server

Run the development server with:
```sh
./runserver.py
```

If you get the error:
```
/usr/bin/env: python3: No such file or directory
```
you probably do not have python3 installed.

At the moment, the development server is set up to generate a new database and
populate it with some content when run. When the Python files are modified and
saved, the server will automatically reload (and crash if there is an error).

Commit message:

Added some functionality for getting events from Facebook and subsequently plotting them on the map

README.md, after:

# IAESTE Now

IAESTE Now is a website facilitating the discovery of people, events and
couches in IAESTE on a geographic basis. It is built using modern web
technologies, specifically:

* Flask
* SQLAlchemy
* Google Maps APIs
* jQuery

## Dependencies

Make sure Python 3 is installed, and install Flask, SQLAlchemy, requests (for
accessing the Facebook API) and twitter through the pip python package manager:
```sh
sudo pip install Flask SQLAlchemy requests twitter
```

Make sure you install with `pip3` if Python 2 is your default version (likely).

## Setup

API keys for services being scraped, in particular Twitter (and more in future)
must be generated and added to the settings file.

### Facebook

Generate a Facebook app at https://developers.facebook.com/apps/, and add the
application ID and secret to the settings.json file.

### Twitter

Generate an application key at https://dev.twitter.com/apps/new, and add the
application key and secret to the settings.json file.

## Running the Development Server

Run the development server with:
```sh
./runserver.py
```

If you get the error:
```
/usr/bin/env: python3: No such file or directory
```
you probably do not have python3 installed.

At the moment, the development server is set up to generate a new database and
populate it with some content when run. When the Python files are modified and
saved, the server will automatically reload (and crash if there is an error).
